name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
what is the most common cancer ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
where is belize located ?
what is the salary of a u.s. representative ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
what is francis scott key best known for ?
when did jaco pastorius die ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the north-east than in california ?
what was the name of the famous battle in 1836 between texas and mexico ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
aspartame is also called what ?
which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
where are there aborigines ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
define thalassemia .
what percentage of the world <s plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
cnn <s first broadcast occurred on what date ?
what is saltpeter ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
who is the president of bolivia ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
who coined the term `` cyberspace << in his novel `` neuromancer << ?
name a salt lake city newspaper .
how many people live in chile ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
where did bill gates go to college ?
how many continents are there ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
who invented basketball ?
who was the first american in space ?
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
what is california <s capital ?
when did communist control end in hungary ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
who is peter weir ?
alkanes is also called what ?
what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
how many types of lemurs are there ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
when did geraldine ferraro run for vice president ?
where is webster university ?
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
what is `` nine inch nails << ?
what is measured in curies ?
what <s the farthest planet from the sun ?
when was yemen reunified ?
which large u.s. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
developing nations comprise what percentage of the world <s population ?
how tall is mt. everest ?
what is the longest river in the united states ?
where was john adams born ?
who was darth vader <s son ?
who is the queen of holland ?
what is the nickname of pennsylvania ?
where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
name the largest country in south america .
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what is the largest city in germany ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
what do penguins eat ?
what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
what is the population of ulan bator , capital of mongolia ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
what is martin luther king jr. <s real birthday ?
when did muhammad live ?
name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
logan international is located in what city ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
who is the leader of india ?
in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
winnie the pooh is an imitation of which animal ?
what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
what is the capital of california ?
how did socrates die ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
how many superbowls have the 49ers won ?
what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska <s north coast ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
what is the tallest building in japan ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , 1988 ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
what is the best-selling book of all time ?
what format was vhs <s main competition ?
who is william wordsworth ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
who is barbara jordan ?
who is zebulon pike ?
how old is the sun ?
where is glasgow ?
the sun is mostly made up of what two gasses ?
who invented the radio ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
what does nafta stand for ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
list the names of chewing gums .
what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
what nationality was jackson pollock ?
what is the size of argentina ?
what does cpr stand for ?
who thought of teaching people to tie their shoe laces ?
where do lobsters like to live ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
what are the valdez principles ?
where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
the numbering system we use today was introduced to the western world by what culture ?
what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
what debts did qintex group leave ?
who assassinated president mckinley ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
name a gaelic language .
who was lacan ?
where is the danube ?
where are zebras most likely found ?
how many inhabitants live in the town of ushuaia ?
what is california <s state bird ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
what is the population of mexico ?
where does chocolate come from ?
when was china <s first nuclear test ?
in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
name a symptom of mononucleosis .
where was ulysses s. grant born ?
how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
when was queen victoria born ?
what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
who created `` the muppets << ?
where was pythagoras born ?
who built the first pyramid ?
what is the most expensive car in the world ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
what year did montana become a state ?
when was london <s docklands light railway constructed ?
who killed caesar ?
where do hyenas live ?
what is a stratocaster ?
who wrote `` dubliners << ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
how many people does honda employ in the u.s. ?
who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization hugo that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
name an art gallery in new york .
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
aspartame is also known as what ?
where is logan international located ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
mercury , what year was it discovered ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
what is alice cooper <s real name ?
how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1980s ?
who was samuel johnsons <s friend and biographer ?
what is the duration of the trip from bristol to london by rail ?
what was the ball game of ancient mayans called ?
mississippi is nicknamed what ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
who wrote the farmer <s almanac ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
what was the man <s name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
when was the women <s suffrage amendment ratified ?
what language is most commonly used in bombay ?
where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
cnn is an acronym for what ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
who made the first airplane ?
who is langston hughes ?
how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
how rich is bill gates ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
who was the lead actress in the movie `` sleepless in seattle << ?
where is the kalahari desert ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
who invented silly putty ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , `` the godfather << ?
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies << .
who won the superbowl in 1982 ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister-city with los angeles ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
what is the capital of congo ?
how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
what was agent orange used for during the vietnam war ?
where was poe born ?
who was the first u.s. president ever to resign ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what is porphyria ?
cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what soft drink contains the largest amount of caffeine ?
what is the primary language of the philippines ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations grunts , shouts , etc. ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
where is rider college located ?
name the highest mountain .
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
where is south bend ?
what is the capital of italy ?
when did nixon die ?
when was the slinky invented ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
how hot is the core of the earth ?
what is molybdenum ?
what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
who invented the game scrabble ?
who is desmond tutu ?
how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
tell me where the dupont company is located.
what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
where is the location of the orange bowl ?
when did beethoven die ?
who owns cnn ?
name an american war plane ?
what is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?
define the pheonix club ?
how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
what is thalassemia ?
bastille day occurs on which date ?
how many people live in the falklands ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo <s egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage << ?
who was jane goodall ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
what is the population of kansas ?
the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
what is leukemia ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
what effect does a prism have on light ?
who is coronado ?
cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
name 11 famous martyrs .
where is the valley of the kings ?
where is guam ?
name a stimulant .
where was harry truman born ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
what are the birth dates for scorpios ?
what country is the world <s leading supplier of cannabis ?
what state has the most indians ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what is the capital of haiti ?
name a female figure skater .
when was babe ruth born ?
where did the maya people live ?
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what is grenada <s main commodity export ?
how many hexagons are on a soccer ball ?
what <s the formal name for lou gehrig <s disease ?
where is romania located ?
the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
what tourist attractions are there in reims ?
what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
who invented television ?
who was maria theresa ?
where does dew come from ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
what does laser stand for ?
what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
what <s the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
when did nixon visit china ?
what <s the average salary of a professional baseball player ?
who was the first king of england ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
what was the monetary value of the nobel peace prize in 1989 ?
name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
what is platinum ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
what is the exchange rate between england and the u.s. ?
why ca n<t ostriches fly ?
when was dubai <s first concrete house built ?
when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
who is the emperor of japan ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
what is a caldera ?
where is the orinoco ?
what is anorexia nervosa ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
name the lawyer for randy craft .
when did the carolingian period begin ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
where is mccarren airport ?
which country is australia <s largest export market ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
what <s the name of pittsburgh <s baseball team ?
when was microsoft established ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
hazmat stands for what ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what is a meerkat ?
where <s montenegro ?
what <s the longest river in the world ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
how large is missouri <s population ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
where did dylan thomas die ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
who invented the game bowling ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
how big is australia ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
what is anise ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
where is tornado alley ?
silly putty was invented by whom ?
who painted olympia ?
when is bastille day ?
what is california <s state tree ?
who was the 33rd president of the united states ?
where is inoco based ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
where is microsoft <s corporate headquarters located ?
how many people live in tokyo ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc <s justice league of america ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
who is anubis ?
what does cnn stand for ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
when was hurricane hugo ?
where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
where is ayer <s rock ?
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . <<
what is the largest variety of cactus ?
what is tyvek ?
name four famous cartoon cats .
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
how far is yaroslavl from moscow ?
what <s another word that means `` knows all << ?
what is the population of japan ?
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher << ?
procter & gamble is headquartered in which u.s. city ?
what year did hitler die ?
in the late 1700<s british convicts were used to populate which colony ?
shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
name a south african diamond producer ?
when was cnn <s first broadcast ?
where are the u.s. headquarters for procter & gamble ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
who was president cleveland <s wife ?
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
logan international serves what city ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
who was the 21st u.s. president ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
when was john d. rockefeller born ?
george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
at what speed does the earth revolve around the sun ?
who invented paper ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
what is head start ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space .
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
`` the muppets << was created by whom ?
what are birds descendents of ?
name pittsburgh <s baseball team .
who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?
name one of the major gods of hinduism ?
what was the name of the computer in `` 2001 : a space odyssey << ?
how did bob marley die ?
name a food high in zinc .
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
where is qatar ?
material called linen is made from what plant ?
what is a nematode ?
what <s the tallest building in new york city ?
what two researchers discovered the double-helix structure of dna in 1953 ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
who wrote the song , `` stardust << ?
how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
jude law was in what movie ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
where is the bulls basketball team based ?
what is pandoro ?
how many lives were lost in the china airlines < crash in nagoya , japan ?
what is the name of the `` female << counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
when is boxing day ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
how many grand slam titles did bjorn borg win ?
name an american made motorcycle .
when was the last major eruption of mount st. helens ?
how tall is the matterhorn ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
who was picasso ?
rider college is located in what city ?
where is the taj mahal ?
ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
how far away is the moon ?
name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend wo n<t tell you << in its ad ?
who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
what is the name of the normal process in all living things , including humans , in which cells are programmed to `` commit suicide << ?
name a flying mammal .
who was buffalo bill ?
where is basque country located ?
name a civil war battlefield .
what state does charles robb represent ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
where was george washington born ?
name the creator of `` the muppets << .
what did brontosauruses eat ?
where is melbourne ?
who was the architect of central park ?
in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
jude law acted in which film ?
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
what did vasco da gama discover ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what do manatees eat ?
who was the leader of the branch davidian cult confronted by the fbi in waco , texas in 1993 ?
what is titanium ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
name a band which was famous in the 1960<s .
who created the character of scrooge ?
what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
what is the federal minimum wage ?
what is the name for the technique of growing certain plants in soils contaminated with toxic metals , wherein the plants take up the toxic metals , are harvested , and the metals recovered for recycling ?
how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
where is trinidad ?
what is the population of the bahamas ?
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
what is the capital of sri lanka ?
who found hawaii ?
what does caliente mean in english ?
the hindenburg disaster took place in 1937 in which new jersey town ?
where did the inuits live ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
name a tiger that is extinct ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
the u.s. department of treasury first issued paper currency for the u.s. during which war ?
name randy craft <s lawyer .
who wrote `` hamlet << ?
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . <<
list the names of casinos owned by native americans .
what is the capital of uruguay ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen <s appearance .
how fast can a corvette go ?
how tall is the giraffe ?
name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
who first circumnavigated the globe ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
where is your corpus callosum ?
how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
what is the chemical formula\/name for napalm ?
what <s another name for aspartame ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
what is the capital of kosovo ?
who is the president of ghana ?
what is a nanometer ?
how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
mexican pesos are worth what in u.s. dollars ?
who invented the paper clip ?
woodrow wilson was president of which university ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
when did the jurassic period end ?
who killed martin luther king ?
when did the american civil war end ?
who invented baseball ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
name a film in which jude law acted .
name the four stories contained in edith wharton <s `` old new york . <<
where is dartmouth college ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
define cosmology .
where did bocci originate ?
how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
who wrote `` the pines of rome << ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
what is dick clark <s birthday ?
about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
name alvin <s brothers
tell me what city the kentucky horse park is near ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
name li <l abner <s favorite indian drink .
what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
who was monet ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
what is the name of the longest ruling dynasty of japan ?
where is the keck telescope ?
how many moons does jupiter have ?
name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four <s thing .
what cancer is commonly associated with aids ?
how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
what is the tallest mountain ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
what is the zip code for fremont , ca ?
who shot billy the kid ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
what is sake ?
what is the name of the lion king <s son in the movie , `` the lion king << ?
where is amsterdam ?
how many states have a `` lemon law << for new automobiles ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what continent is bolivia on ?
what are the poconos ?
where did guinea pigs originate ?
where did woodstock take place ?
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas << ?
when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world << ?
wrote the book , `` song of solomon << ?
who portrayed jake in the television show , `` jake and the fatman << ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman << ?
where is venezuela ?
what city in florida is sea world in ?
what is the population of ohio ?
what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
who is the founder of the wal-mart stores ?
what city is massachusetts general hospital located in ?
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america << television show ?
when did the california lottery begin ?
where is los vegas ?
when was beethoven born ?
what <s the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
where is tufts university ?
